Tic-tac-toe

Project Update:
Weekly updates

week of Feb 27:
 Naisia, Dai, and I started to plan on what we want to do. A simple game like tic-tac-toe. We were told to start finding articles and videos on how to do a game or create a presentation, it doesn’t have to be a game though, but I wanted to challenge myself. 
 
week of March 18:
    I began to research very hard about what to do and how to implement it. Throughout the month I waited to hear back from them and got nothing, reached out to my teammates but I received no feedback since then. I did not type out a code yet, only noted it down in my bookmarks. 

Week of the 28th:
    I reached out to them about what I found and was said let's start implementing this code and did not get any responds back. I did speak to the professor about what happened and I'm left without a group.

april 1:

    from February 17-March 28th, I was trying to plan with my groupmates and tried to push them to help me start the planning process. I was ignored then started to seek out the professor. 

    Currently I have a new group and I'm restarting the planning process of a simple game.
    
week of april 8:

    I joined the new group and we have been planning things out, we initially thought the python part would be good to work on. If this doesn't go well, we decided to do the battleship game.
    I did ask Professor Kenny about the tic-tac-toe template which really helped us look at how to do this. I'm thinking of adding this to the quantum circuit to see if this can be visualized.
April 17th:
    We’re working on the game once again, and so far we have 9 qubits to visualize what to look at and how to incorporate this into the game. The python part is really throwing me for a loop since We’re trying to make this a 2-player game to make it easier as well as assign values.

week of april 29:
Throughout the week we have continuously worked on the code and tried to fix the tic-tac-toe part to add the player names. while working on the name part, we also worked on the quantum code part and saw how to assign the qubit to a variable. We're attempting to not become entangled if possible. The first code with the qasm_simulator helps us visualize if our bits are being measured properly. We originally used Hadamard, X and CNOT gates so we can collapse the states to one, but we kept getting an error when doing a practice run of these. So, we took out the Hadamard gate and only kept the X and CNOT gate.

The plan is to have the player 1 and 2 to input their names and they'll be assigned X and O.
X and O will have 1 qubit attached to it, X having <0| and O having <1|and will be put in a tic-tac-toe space. We're trying to avoid it being superimposed due to not using too many qubits being measured.

Although we did not finish, we have a very good set ground basis of what we want our game to look like.


Project Difficulties:
The names would not stick, the Hadamard gate kept giving us an error. The name function did not work when we made it.



